SME Edit Requests (#34811)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/sdpolicy-security.adoc

[id="auth-provider_{context}"]
== Authentication provider

> Authentication for the cluster is configured as part of the {OCM} cluster creation process. OpenShift is not an identity provider, and all access to the cluster must be managed by the customer as part of their integrated solution. Multiple identity providers provisioned at the same time is supported. The following identity providers are supported:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Authentication for the cluster is configured as part of the {OCM} cluster creation process. {OCP} is not an identity provider, and all access to the cluster must be managed by the customer as part of their integrated solution. Provisioning multiple identity providers at the same time is supported. The following identity providers are supported:
```

Reviewer: Resolved but did not change to {OCP} because I'm not sure it is correct here.

* GitHub or GitHub Enterprise OAuth
* GitLab OAuth
* Google OAuth
* LDAP
* OpenID connect

[id="privileged-containers_{context}"]
== Privileged containers

> Privileged containers are not available by default on {product-title}. The `anyuid` and `nonroot` Security Context Constraints are available for `dedicated-admins`, and should address many use cases. Privileged containers are only available for `cluster-admin` users.

Reviewer: s/for `dedicated-admins`/for members of the `dedicated-admins` group

Reviewer: Resolved

> 

Reviewer 2: Stupid github....

The line _above_ this comment should be updated with an `xref` that points to https://deploy-preview-34811--osdocs.netlify.app/openshift-dedicated/latest/osd_policy/policy-process-security.html#compliance_policy-process-security. This is because the docs.openshift.com version is going to replace the www.openshift.com version

Reviewer: Stupid OpenShift docs...

We can't xref currently from within a module so the workaround is to name the module title here in plain text and then add a trailing include to the xref that will appear at the end of the module file by way of the parent assembly.  😞

[id="network-security_{context}"]
== Network security

> With {product-title} on AWS, AWS provides a standard DDoS protection on all Load Balancers, called AWS Shield. This provides 95% protection against most commonly used level 3 and 4 attacks on all the public facing Load Balancers used for {product-title}. A 10 second timeout is added for HTTP requests coming to the haproxy router to receive a response or the connection is closed to provide additional protection.

Reviewer: s/10 second timeout/10-second timeout (use a hyphen for clarity in a compound adjective)

Reviewer: Resolved
